# JARVIS

Just A Rather Very Intelligent System (J.A.R.V.I.S) was originally Tony Stark's natural-language user interface computer system, named after Edwin Jarvis, the butler who worked for Howard Stark. Over time, he was upgraded into an artificially intelligent system, tasked with running business for Stark Industries as well as security for Tony Stark's Mansion and Stark Tower. After creating the Mark II armor, Stark uploaded J.A.R.V.I.S. into all of the Iron Man Armors, as well as allowing him to interact with the other Avengers, giving them valuable information during combat. During the Ultron Offensive, J.A.R.V.I.S. was destroyed by Ultron, although his remaining programming codes unknowingly continued to thwart Ultron's plans of gaining access to nuclear missiles. His remains were found by Stark, who uploaded them into a synthetic body made of vibranium and, in conjunction with Ultron's personality and an Infinity Stone, an entirely new being was made: Vision. J.A.R.V.I.S.' duties were then taken over by F.R.I.D.A.Y.

In Iron Man 2, J.A.R.V.I.S. has access to security-related devices, such as a passcode to prevent intruders from entering the basement, shown when James Rhodes is attempting to access his Hall of Armors and don the Mark II to stop Tony Stark. In Iron Man 3, and we can say that he destroys all of the armors, by the order of the "Clean Slate Protocol", resulting in fireworks, as a sign of devotion by Tony to Pepper Potts.

J.A.R.V.I.S.'s allies include mostly the Avengers members: Bruce Banner/Hulk, Steve Rogers/Captain America, Thor, Aman Pandey/ The creator, Black Widow, and Hawkeye. Others include Edwin Jarvis (Namesake), Pepper Potts, James Rhodes/War Machine; and Vision, who was the Derivative from J.A.R.V.I.S. and F.R.I.D.A.Y., the Successor. J.A.R.V.I.S.'s enemies include Obadiah Stane/Iron Monger, Ivan Vanko/Whiplash, The Mandarin, Ultron (who J.A.R.V.I.S. created and attempted to kill J.A.R.V.I.S.), and Thanos. Although J.A.R.V.I.S. would probably be enemies with all MCU villains, since Tony Stark, his creator, is Iron Man afterall.

His famous quotes include:
"Will do, sir."
―(Iron Man) J.A.R.V.I.S. to Tony when testing the Mark II.
"Congratulations! You have created a new element."
―(Iron Man 2) JARVIS to Tony after creating a new core for his Arc Reactor.
"You are not authorized to access this area."
―(Iron Man) J.A.R.V.I.S. to Christine Everhart, denying her access to a room in Tony's house.
""It's totally fine sir, I seem to do quite well for a stretch and at the end of the sentence I say the wrong cranberry.""
―(Iron Man 3) J.A.R.V.I.S. to Tony, reporting on it's own malfunctioning state.
"Mark 42 inbound!"
―(Iron Man 3) J.A.R.V.I.S. telling Tony about the Mark 42.

